Part 3/phonebook/README.md, before:

# Getting Started with init


This project was bootstrapped with [npm init](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v8/commands/npm-init/).

The whole concept of this exercise is implement functionality on the server side. 

* [REST API](https://expressjs.com) in Node.js
* [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com) provides the services for storage depended on REST API calls.
* [PostMAN](https://www.postman.com) or [REST Client](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=humao.rest-client)  REST call tester 


## Setup
Express offers pleasing interface for built-in `http` module. Nodemon watch the files in the directory in which nodemon was started. It will automatically restart your node application when any file changes. 

On terminal
```
npm install express
npm update
npm install --save-dev nodemon
```

On Windows
Install [Postman](https://www.postman.com) (or [REST Client](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=humao.rest-client). You save your requests in directory files with extension `.rest`. You can learn more about it in this [guide](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/webstorm/http-client-in-product-code-editor.html) )

### Package
Inside `package.json`, add to `scripts`
* "start": "node index.js",
* "dev": "nodemon index.js",






## Backend
Addresses for each application
* 3.1 http://localhost:3001/api/persons
* 3.2 http://localhost:3001/api/info

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3001](http://localhost:3001) to view it in your browser.

Open [http://localhost:3001/api/persons](http://localhost:3001/api/persons) to view it in your browser.

Open [http://localhost:3001/api/info](http://localhost:3001/api/info) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run dev`

Runs the server in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3001](http://localhost:3001) to view it in your browser. If you have an opened tab, you can refresh the page.

Open [http://localhost:3001/api/persons](http://localhost:3001/api/persons) to view it in your browser. If you have an opened tab, you can refresh the page.

Open [http://localhost:3001/api/info](http://localhost:3001/api/info) to view it in your browser.
If you have an opened tab, you can refresh the page.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting)

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size)

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration)

### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)

Commit message:

Ex 3.3
Implement the functionality for displaying the information for a single phonebook entry. The url for getting the data for a person with the id 5 should be http://localhost:3001/api/persons/5

If an entry for the given id is not found, the server has to respond with the appropriate status code.

Part 3/phonebook/README.md, after:

# Getting Started with init


This project was bootstrapped with [npm init](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v8/commands/npm-init/).

The whole concept of this exercise is implement functionality on the server side. 

* [REST API](https://expressjs.com) in Node.js
* [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.com) provides the services for storage depended on REST API calls.
* [PostMAN](https://www.postman.com) or [REST Client](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=humao.rest-client)  REST call tester 


## Setup
Express offers pleasing interface for built-in `http` module. Nodemon watch the files in the directory in which nodemon was started. It will automatically restart your node application when any file changes. 

On terminal
```
npm install express
npm update
npm install --save-dev nodemon
```

On Windows
Install [Postman](https://www.postman.com) (or [REST Client](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=humao.rest-client). You save your requests in directory files with extension `.rest`. You can learn more about it in this [guide](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/webstorm/http-client-in-product-code-editor.html) )

### Package
Inside `package.json`, add to `scripts`
* "start": "node index.js",
* "dev": "nodemon index.js",






## Backend
Addresses for each application
------------
* 3.1 http://localhost:3001/api/persons
------------
* 3.2 http://localhost:3001/api/info
------------
* 3.3 
http://localhost:3001/api/persons/1 \
http://localhost:3001/api/persons/2 \
http://localhost:3001/api/persons/3 \
http://localhost:3001/api/persons/4 
------------


## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3001](http://localhost:3001) to view it in your browser.

Open [http://localhost:3001/api/persons](http://localhost:3001/api/persons) to view it in your browser.

Open [http://localhost:3001/api/info](http://localhost:3001/api/info) to view it in your browser.

Open [http://localhost:3001/api/persons:ID](http://localhost:3001/api/persons) to view it in your browser. 
`ID` is a number specifying the person for displaying.\
For instance [link](http://localhost:3001/api/persons/1) If you have an opened tab, you can refresh the page.


The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run dev`

Runs the server in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3001](http://localhost:3001) to view it in your browser. If you have an opened tab, you can refresh the page.

Open [http://localhost:3001/api/persons](http://localhost:3001/api/persons) to view it in your browser. 
If you have an opened tab, you can refresh the page.

Open [http://localhost:3001/api/info](http://localhost:3001/api/info) to view it in your browser.
If you have an opened tab, you can refresh the page.

Open [http://localhost:3001/api/persons:ID](http://localhost:3001/api/persons) to view it in your browser. `ID` is a number specifying the person for displaying.\
For instance [link](http://localhost:3001/api/persons/1) for displaying first person in the list. 
If you have an opened tab, you can refresh the page.


### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

### Code Splitting

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/code-splitting)

### Analyzing the Bundle Size

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/analyzing-the-bundle-size)

### Making a Progressive Web App

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/making-a-progressive-web-app)

### Advanced Configuration

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/advanced-configuration)

### Deployment

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment)

### `npm run build` fails to minify

This section has moved here: [https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/troubleshooting#npm-run-build-fails-to-minify)
