README.md, before:

# FullOpenStack2022
Courses developed for Web Development from Helsinki University focusing on building single page applications


<table class="tg">
<thead>
  <tr>
    <th class="tg-c3ow" colspan="4"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/">Full Stack Open 2022</th>
  </tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/part0">Part 0</a><br><a href="https://github.com/z1skgr/FullOpenStack2022/tree/main/Part%200">Fundamentals of Web apps</a></td>
    <td class="tg-0pky"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/part1">Part 1</a><br><a href="https://github.com/z1skgr/FullOpenStack2022/tree/main/Part%201">Introduction to React</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/part2">Part 2</a><br><a href="https://github.com/z1skgr/FullOpenStack2022/tree/main/Part%202">Communicating with server</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/part3">Part 3</a><br>Programming a server with NodeJS and Express</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/part4">Part 4</a><br>Testing Express servers, user administration</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/part5">Part 5</a><br>Testing React apps</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/part6">Part 6</a><br>Advanced state management</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/part7">Part 7</a><br>React router, custom hooks, styling app with CSS and webpack</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/part8">Part 8</a><br>GraphQL</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/part9">Part 9</a><br>TypeScript</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/part10">Part 10</a><br>React Native</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/part11">Part 11</a><br>CI/CD</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky"></td>
    <td class="tg-0pky"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/part12">Part 12</a> Containers</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/part13">Part 13</a><br>Using relational databases</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky"></td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Learn 
1. React 
2. Redux 
3. Node.js 
4. MongoDB 
5. GraphQL
6. TypeScript

over several interactive courses and examples

## Table of Contents

* [Funtamentals of WebApps](#funtamentals)
* [Introduction to React](#introduction-to-react)
* [Communicating with server](#communicating-with-server)
* [Programming a server](#programming-server)
* [Testing server/User administration](#user-administration)
* [Testing React App](#testing-react)
* [Advanced state management](#advanced-state-management)
* [React router](#react-rooter)
* [GraphQL](#graphql)
* [Typescript](#typescript)
* [React Native](#react-native)
* [CI/CD](#CI-CD)
* [Containers](#containers)
* [Relational Database](#relational-db)


## [Funtamentals](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part0)

## [Introduction to React](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part1)

1. [Introduction to React](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part1/introduction_to_react)  
2. [JavaScript](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part1/java_script)  
3. [Component state, event handlers](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part1/component_state_event_handlers)
4. [Debugging React apps](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part1/a_more_complex_state_debugging_react_apps)

There are four main topics to study in this part. First thing is familiarization with React-library for browser display using functions. Javascript mechanisms and event handlers contribute to app development

- [courseinfo](https://github.com/z1skgr/FullOpenStack2022/tree/main/Part%201/courseinfo) -  Course information web page with react basics

- [unicafe](https://github.com/z1skgr/FullOpenStack2022/tree/main/Part%201/unicafe) -  Statistic App demonstating event handling

- [anecdotes](https://github.com/z1skgr/FullOpenStack2022/tree/main/Part%201/anecdotes) - Anecdote generator with complex components/functions

[Solutions](https://github.com/z1skgr/FullOpenStack2022/tree/main/Part%201)


## [Communication with React](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part2)

1. [Rendering a collection, modules](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part2/rendering_a_collection_modules)  
2. [Forms](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part2/forms)  
3. [Getting data from server](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part2/getting_data_from_server)
4. [Altering data in server](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part2/altering_data_in_server)
5. [Adding styles to React](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part2/adding_styles_to_react_app)

React code structured apps using styles and communication with a backend api (REST)

- [courseinfo](https://github.com/z1skgr/FullOpenStack2022/tree/main/Part%202/courseinfo) - Extension of [part 1](https://github.com/z1skgr/FullOpenStack2022/tree/main/Part%201/courseinfo) with modifications and new features
- [phonebook](https://github.com/z1skgr/FullOpenStack2022/tree/main/Part%202/phonebook) - Phonebook app with design mechanisms in React 
- [countries](https://github.com/z1skgr/FullOpenStack2022/tree/main/Part%202/countries) - React app displaying information from [REST countries API](https://restcountries.eu) 

[Solutions](https://github.com/z1skgr/FullOpenStack2022/tree/main/Part%202)



## Exercises per part

<table style="border-collapse:collapse;border-spacing:0" class="tg"><thead><tr><th style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;font-weight:normal;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal" colspan="8">Exercises per round</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">Part 0</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">6/6</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">Part 4</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">0/10</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">Part 8</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">0/10</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">Part 12</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">0/10</td></tr><tr><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">Part 1</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">14/14</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">Part 5</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">0/10</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">Part 9</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">0/10</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">Part 13</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">0/10</td></tr><tr><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">Part 2</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">20/20</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">Part 6</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">0/10</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">Part 10</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">0/10</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal"></td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal"></td></tr><tr><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">Part 3</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">0/22</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">Part 7</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">0/10</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">Part 11</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">0/10</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal"></td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal"></td></tr><tr><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal" colspan="7">Total</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">40/255</td></tr></tbody></table>

Commit message:

Ex 2.2
Implement a page at the address http://localhost:3001/info

The page has to show the time that the request was received and how many entries are in the phonebook at the time of processing the request.

README.md, after:

# FullOpenStack2022
Courses developed for Web Development from Helsinki University focusing on building single page applications


<table class="tg">
<thead>
  <tr>
    <th class="tg-c3ow" colspan="4"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/">Full Stack Open 2022</th>
  </tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/part0">Part 0</a><br><a href="https://github.com/z1skgr/FullOpenStack2022/tree/main/Part%200">Fundamentals of Web apps</a></td>
    <td class="tg-0pky"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/part1">Part 1</a><br><a href="https://github.com/z1skgr/FullOpenStack2022/tree/main/Part%201">Introduction to React</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/part2">Part 2</a><br><a href="https://github.com/z1skgr/FullOpenStack2022/tree/main/Part%202">Communicating with server</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/part3">Part 3</a><br>Programming a server with NodeJS and Express</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/part4">Part 4</a><br>Testing Express servers, user administration</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/part5">Part 5</a><br>Testing React apps</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/part6">Part 6</a><br>Advanced state management</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/part7">Part 7</a><br>React router, custom hooks, styling app with CSS and webpack</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/part8">Part 8</a><br>GraphQL</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/part9">Part 9</a><br>TypeScript</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/part10">Part 10</a><br>React Native</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/part11">Part 11</a><br>CI/CD</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td class="tg-0pky"></td>
    <td class="tg-0pky"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/part12">Part 12</a> Containers</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky"><a href="https://fullstackopen.com/en/part13">Part 13</a><br>Using relational databases</td>
    <td class="tg-0pky"></td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Learn 
1. React 
2. Redux 
3. Node.js 
4. MongoDB 
5. GraphQL
6. TypeScript

over several interactive courses and examples

## Table of Contents

* [Funtamentals of WebApps](#funtamentals)
* [Introduction to React](#introduction-to-react)
* [Communicating with server](#communicating-with-server)
* [Programming a server](#programming-server)
* [Testing server/User administration](#user-administration)
* [Testing React App](#testing-react)
* [Advanced state management](#advanced-state-management)
* [React router](#react-rooter)
* [GraphQL](#graphql)
* [Typescript](#typescript)
* [React Native](#react-native)
* [CI/CD](#CI-CD)
* [Containers](#containers)
* [Relational Database](#relational-db)


## [Funtamentals](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part0)

## [Introduction to React](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part1)

1. [Introduction to React](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part1/introduction_to_react)  
2. [JavaScript](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part1/java_script)  
3. [Component state, event handlers](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part1/component_state_event_handlers)
4. [Debugging React apps](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part1/a_more_complex_state_debugging_react_apps)

There are four main topics to study in this part. First thing is familiarization with React-library for browser display using functions. Javascript mechanisms and event handlers contribute to app development

- [courseinfo](https://github.com/z1skgr/FullOpenStack2022/tree/main/Part%201/courseinfo) -  Course information web page with react basics

- [unicafe](https://github.com/z1skgr/FullOpenStack2022/tree/main/Part%201/unicafe) -  Statistic App demonstating event handling

- [anecdotes](https://github.com/z1skgr/FullOpenStack2022/tree/main/Part%201/anecdotes) - Anecdote generator with complex components/functions

[Solutions](https://github.com/z1skgr/FullOpenStack2022/tree/main/Part%201)


## [Communication with React](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part2)

1. [Rendering a collection, modules](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part2/rendering_a_collection_modules)  
2. [Forms](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part2/forms)  
3. [Getting data from server](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part2/getting_data_from_server)
4. [Altering data in server](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part2/altering_data_in_server)
5. [Adding styles to React](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part2/adding_styles_to_react_app)

React code structured apps using styles and communication with a backend api (REST)

- [courseinfo](https://github.com/z1skgr/FullOpenStack2022/tree/main/Part%202/courseinfo) - Extension of [part 1](https://github.com/z1skgr/FullOpenStack2022/tree/main/Part%201/courseinfo) with modifications and new features
- [phonebook](https://github.com/z1skgr/FullOpenStack2022/tree/main/Part%202/phonebook) - Phonebook app with design mechanisms in React 
- [countries](https://github.com/z1skgr/FullOpenStack2022/tree/main/Part%202/countries) - React app displaying information from [REST countries API](https://restcountries.eu) 

[Solutions](https://github.com/z1skgr/FullOpenStack2022/tree/main/Part%202)


## [Communication with React](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part3)

1. [Node.js and Express](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part2/rendering_a_collection_modules)  
2. [Deploying App to Internet](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part2/forms)  
3. [Saving data to MongoDB](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part2/getting_data_from_server)
4. [Validation and ESLint](https://fullstackopen.com/en/part2/altering_data_in_server)

Simple REST API in Node.js using the Express library. The application's data is stored in a MongoDB database. The application is deployed to the internet.

- [phonebook](https://github.com/z1skgr/FullOpenStack2022/tree/main/Part%203/phonebook) - Phonebook app from server side 


[Solutions](https://github.com/z1skgr/FullOpenStack2022/tree/main/Part%203)



## Exercises per part

<table style="border-collapse:collapse;border-spacing:0" class="tg"><thead><tr><th style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;font-weight:normal;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal" colspan="8">Exercises per round</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">Part 0</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">6/6</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">Part 4</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">0/10</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">Part 8</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">0/10</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">Part 12</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">0/10</td></tr><tr><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">Part 1</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">14/14</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">Part 5</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">0/10</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">Part 9</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">0/10</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">Part 13</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">0/10</td></tr><tr><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">Part 2</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">20/20</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">Part 6</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">0/10</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">Part 10</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">0/10</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal"></td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal"></td></tr><tr><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">Part 3</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">0/22</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">Part 7</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">0/10</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">Part 11</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">0/10</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal"></td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal"></td></tr><tr><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal" colspan="7">Total</td><td style="border-color:inherit;border-style:solid;border-width:1px;font-family:Arial, sans-serif;font-size:14px;overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;word-break:normal">40/255</td></tr></tbody></table>
